NEXT VERSION OF MPCI CORPORATE:
	33.	Manage email properly.
	32.	Can add new information for mpci corporate.
	31.	Use 1 define variable for absolute path.
	30.	Make a check list for supported extension of the uploaded file.
	29.	Use the technique in line 543 mpci_control.php when extracting a file extension of the uploaded file.
	28.	Make a validation for contact number which accept both mobile and land line.
	27.	Use $_GET['option'] to recieve all the data sent from view.
	26. Review the classes of code to minimize the code
	25.	There should not be an error display when there's a changes in URL.
	24.	There should be a managers account.
	23.	There should be a supervisor account.
	22.	There should be a main admin.
	21.	There should be a limit in the number allowable login attempt if failed to login.
	20.	When deleting the administrator's record, empty all the in the url after.
	19.	Make an automatic every 24hours backup, in case of getting system damage.
	18.	There should be a main administrator that govern the group of administrators
	17.	Make check list for filtering
	16.	Make archive
	15.	Automatic logout
	14.	kulang ug verification display sa admin members.
	13.	Add text in the images added to mpci corporate for authentication and protection from thieves.
	12.	The Letterhead is a document, just create a thumbnails
	11.	Business must also have a portrait style of thumbnails
	10.	If the admin update the new images the last display images must be put to archive
	9.	Other methods contained in the process should be in model
	8.	Find a way for the created thumbnails which is not in the database to deleted.
	7.	Mark color red those thumbnails who are not found in the database
	6.	Allow to upload muliple images in one category
	5.	Make one stand alone verification code to validate all input from a form.
	4.  Regarding the delete confirmation process, it is better to use the technique used in price_row_delete in control.php
	3.  Use mpci_verification class to validate the inputs from login, signup, contact us and other forms.
	2.	Define the comment like a pseudo code (steps).
	1.	Define properly the class or object in the next version of mpci corporate
	