WORKING ON:
	Upload own design.
	

	
NEXT TASK:
	
	
	

	

REVIEW:
	3.	Review classes.
	2.	Make a message display to those user who's email address is not verified.
	1. 	Add function which allow administrator to reset password the same sa the user.
	
	

MPCI CORPORATE FEATURES
	4.	Make a dimension detector which recognize the width and height.
	3.	Make a check all for deleting the item of a category.
	2. 	Set a thumbnail from the display list of the product.
	1. 	Make a clean URL.



ACCOMPLISHMENTS OUTLINE:
	1.	Sending email message with an attachment.
		1.	Use the email address of the registered administrator as email receiver.
		2.	clean the temporary file uploaded to the server during attachment process.
		
		
		
		
SPECIFIC ACCOMPLISHMENTS LOG:
JANUARY:
	19.	Send Email to administrator.
		Research on how to modify the slider of the midtown.com.ph.
	17:	Display the administrator list.
		Show individual information about administrator.
	16:	Solved the problem which proceed to send email if there is error in attachment.
	15:	code which clean the temporary uploaded files in the server during the attachment in the email, 
		and also determine the supported format of the attachment.
		Use the registered administrator to receive emails in contact us form.
		Settle the login of the new registered admin..
	14:	Update the contact us which include sending email to administrator with attachment.
		Continue about making the outline of the mpci corporate project..
	13: Make mpci project outline.
	12: Update the contact us form layout.
		Review the contact us form back end function.
		Add attachment to contact form.
	10:	Don't display the confirmation to delete a single row in a price table if admin will request for adding new row.
	09:	Print a confirmation to remove the price table column.
		Display the product title, product list, and product table price after the confirmation to delete one row of the price table.
	08:	Successfully created a validation program for the input from the update price table.
		Done testing the validation program for update price table
		Done update the "how data is updated?" using new sets of array.
		Can INSERT/ADD data from price table form to database of price.
		Convert the value of price and tax to standard number format for price.
		Can remove one row in a price table.
	07:	Successfully made a class that validate of input from the form.
		Remove the method validate_price_data in mpci_validate.php
	06:	Successfully determined what product and last row number in a code.
		Generate a new price identification (id)
	05:	Add new row in the price table.


DECEMBER:
	20:	Update database online and test.
	19:	Update the email sending in contact us
		Update the sending email  to user/client
		Remove the unnecessary class in mpci-mailer folder.
		Update the send_users_mail in mpci_mailer.php
		Update the price table base on the submitted data from the form in the price table.
	18:	Fix the bug that the sent email will fall to spam.
		Fix the bug that display a message in email "this may not be sent from,"
	17:	Fix the bug regarding the forgot password in the login.
		Update the online side of the mpcicorporate
	16: Display input box to edit price table data.
		Fix some bugs in forgot password function.
	15:	Continue to make display input box to edit price table data.
		Fix some error of not sending the data from form.
	13:	Display input box to edit price table data.
	12:	Fix the bug which display images not intended to be display
		Prevent from direct access of files	
		Made .htaccess file
	11:	No accomplishment.
	10.	Add thumbnail to mpci_products when upload.
		Make thumbnail as a display of all list of products when the category is click.
		Update the phpmyadmin of webtoprint.midtown.com.ph
	09:	Trace the remove for large image uploaded. Should not remove all the product listed in mpci_products table.
		Confirm price to be a number.
		Make sure when adding new category, the title doesn't repeat.
	08:	If the category with plus sign is remove, search for the next rank of productID wherein the plus sign need to be assign.
		Fixed the problem of the category which do not display the image when the title of the category is changed in webtoprint.
		Fix the change position of flyers.
		Fix the unlink error when refresh after a thumbnail is deleted.
		Check the filename of the image being uploaded to prevent any mysql injection.
		Fix the bug which do not display the large image when the category's title is change.
	06:	Fix the bug on adding new category then delete after.
		Fix the bug the replace a default thumbnail when a display thumbnail is deleted.
		Complete the simplification of mpci_products.php code
	05:	The default image will display if the thumbnail of the category id deleted.
		If there's only one category remain, the system will prevent from deleting it, so that, you can add new category next time.
		and instead of deleting the remaining category, only the content are allowed to be deleted.
		Make a default image to be display as a thumbnail, if the official thumbnail is not yet set
	04:	Update the jquery of the upload file in the product
		Update how mpci_product.php organize the data before sending to control.php
		Simplify the mpci_product.php file
		Make a jquery for close options
	03:	Update the process of making a new name of the category
		do not delete if only one category exist.
		Update the JQuery for effects of the thumbnail.
	02:	Make a jquery effects for the category title

NOVEMBER:
	28: Display of the product
	27: 
	26:	Update the method upload_file_in_product_group in class mpci_process in mpci_process.php
		Remove the checkbox for setting of new price
		Update the UPDATE PRODUCT IMAGES in mpci_control.php
		Continue to update the CHANGE PRICE in mpci_control.php
		Update the pricing input in the featured area in home.
		Make a short filename for any uploaded images.
	25:	Give a solution to the problem which add new category even don't have a new title for a new category.
		Made an auto modify filename for a thumbnail of any uploaded product images
		Successfully updated the automatic making of thumbnail for any uploaded images of a product
		Made a function which determine a valid filename of any uploaded images.
		made for a product page where an admin has the authority to set a thumbnail only for product display.

	24: chikka and reading of science
	21:	Successfully created the loading presentation in time when the admin update the images in a certain product category.
		research for a card maker code online.
	20: Working on the display of the product.
	19:	Working with the display of the product

	12:	 
	11:	Update the css for home featured for products and product page
		start adding the function that add new category
	10:	Try to find the solution of uploading the images to mpci corporate online. 
	08:	find the solution why the images doesn't display in the webtorpint.midtown.com.ph
	07: ftp account for webtoprint
		login:webtoprint@midtown.com.ph
		password: webtoprint123456
		Create a subdomain in midtown.com.ph forn mcpi corporate
		Upload the mpci corporate website to the subdimain.
		fixed the some encountered errors after the mpci corporate was finish uploaded.
			
	06:	Arrange the css declarations
		retouch the design
		Make a thumbnails for home page featured product images.
		Done making auto thumbnails in featured images in the homepage.
	05:	Done making the function the changes the category title
	04:	Done making a different sizes of product thumbnails
		Start making a function that allows editing the category's title.
	03
		1. Continue working on defining the defferent thumbnails sizes
		2. Arrange the task and deadlines  in asana
		3. make thumbnails for bookmarks
OCTOBER
	31:
		1. Define the defferent sizes for product thunbnails
	30:
		1. Simplify the code for making thumbnails when uploading the featured images of in category under a particular product.
		2. done getting the standard dimension for every product.
	29:
		1. Change the design in top <navigation>, the time of the slider will display and the layout of contact-us
		   and the location of chat is transfer.
	28:	
		1. Fixed the errors encounter during the automatic generate product_id when no record found in database
		2. Fixed the error that create a thumbnails when the original image already exist.
	27:
		1. add another checkbox for setting new featured price.
		2. make an auto thumbnails creator.
	24:
		1. Research a way to make business card editor for mpci corporate.
	23:
		1. Research about business how to make design
	22:
		1. Add 2 options to update the image and price display in product category.
		2. Complete the function that handle the 2 options.
		3. Able to add a new product <new image actualy> to one of the category of a particular product, 
		   and also can be set as featured images for that category where it is being uploaded.
